So far, approximately ten thousand have been reported as dead.

That number is expected to climb further and higher in the coming days, weeks, and months as ships fail to arrive, bodies are found cold in their beds, and loved ones are forced to make hard choices that never should have been expected of them.

The ‘Ice age of Alaren’ as some have referred to the natural disaster has had crushing and far reaching consequences beyond even the physical devastation. A great number of those who where effected are experiencing mental trauma that as of yet shows no signs of recovery and many more have simply failed to awaken.

Experts have a number of competing theories as to the source of the incident, but past the initial causes everything afterwords is extremely well documented.

A small team of Caretakers had been sent to perform some evaluation and maintenance upon a local glade that had been the target of foreign activity which a team of mercenary lancers had called in to address, the fallout had left the carefully sculpted “Spiral rivers” entirely bone dry and upon examination had a similar effect on soil quality throughout the entire glade.

The trees where suffering from this lack of moisture, but where performing beyond expected parameters which was taken as a sign of potential future recovery. Additional irrigation was brought in and the beginnings of refilling the streams where started, treating the river bed.

Upon a follow up visit approximately a week later, the plant life seemed to have degraded far beyond its previous state and the soil was bone dry and brittle. At the time it was suspected that the drought was far deeper than expected and introducing additional water actually sabotaged the faint amount of water retention remaining.

An intermittent water treating cycle was employed in order to aid recovery, however reports where pessimistic, reports from the Caretakers made note of increased levels of wind, and drastically lowered temperatures that they attributed to the loss of leaf cover reducing the trees effectiveness as windbreaks.

Within the following days visitors to the nearby meadows and valleys complained of frigid weather, as well as feelings of exhaustion and some even complained they felt they had gotten stranded for days even on trips lasting only some few hours.

When the maintenance team went in at the weeks end, they didn’t return.

The next day, an intense snow storm buffeted the local area, trapping people in their homes for a few hours while city climate controls where activated, this should have happened instantly but due to the regions unfamiliarity with the weather correct proceedings where followed sloppily, if at all, and the required equipment had not received the necessary maintenance in upwards of a decade.

Once cities where cleared, mass panic occurred as guests left their homes to find corpses lining the street, and people scoured their homes only to find children and other family members they had brought inside with them where nowhere to be found.

Reports conflict at this point, but the best estimates from the affected city of Sunsea say upwards of two dozen bodies where retrieved during this period, and a number approaching one hundred souls went missing that night.

The Alaren Holding Company (AHC) attempted to mitigate panic by blockading information from Sunsea reaching outwith the city through a falsified “power outage” of the omninet facilities, as well as implementing an immediate lockdown to prevent anyone leaving the city during the storm.

Of those who managed to leave anyway, the few who survived the storms are our only witness accounts from the city, their accounts conflict and contradict at nearly every turn however some things are constant. 

They all speak of overwhelming cold that seeped in even to your thoughts.

They all speak of an unending expanse that stretched horizon to horizon.

They all insist they spent years within the storm.

It did not take long for the ice to stretch towards the other settlements of Alaren, though at this point it was less a storm and more a creeping wave of freezing wind that crawled further forward each hour and day.

AHC promptly initiated evacuations from all of their remaining bases, moving people off the resort planet in their millions however, many where leaving behind family who had been visiting Sunsea or any of the sights nearby when the storms first struck.

While some resigned their loved ones to their fate, others attempted amateurish rescues. At first as civilians with nothing more than whatever equipment and help their money could buy at such short notice and amidst the panic, later with small squads of whatever AHC staff where still planetside after they abandoned any hope of trying to wholly shutdown these expeditions.

It is with these that the vast majority of the missing persons started, A large family would have a daughter who’d been to see the meadows, they would send any of the children with the evacuation crews and then teams of six, seven, or in cases with staff assistance or multiple families collaborating upwards of a dozen people would walk out into the snow.

In rare cases, perhaps even one person would make it back, in cases even rarer still they might bring the body of the person they where looking for back with them.

Of the people who ventured into the storm and came back to evacuate, none of them came back whole. Many would say that they “left a part of themselves in the mist” about themselves, and that is off the few that where able to answer questions.

Many of them the second they stepped into the climate control of the city would collapse to the ground like puppets with cut strings, many more would seem fine for an hour or so but get locked into a certain routine and repeat it like a programmed sub-altern.

Even of those who left in the first wave of evacuations, they did not escape unchanged. As a whole they report being uncomfortable in their own homes, which experts claim to be a result of the trauma of having the sky fall around you making every moment feel unsafe.

Their testimonies, however, often differ from this explanation. Instead many claim they feel they’ve lost something important to them within Alaren, and that they need closure. In order to help grant this closure in the weeks after mass evacuations some small expeditions with high duty specialist gear where sent down to the planet to retrieve personal effects, bring bodies back for proper burial rites, and take those victims down who felt they needed to see their lost homes again.

Three expeditions, each with a number of participants approaching a hundred, where all attempted independently off each other within the span of a few days, each and everyone proceeded as normal till they fell beneath the clouds which have been observed moving in strange repeating patterns which has lead to suspicions of active manipulation.

Then all contact was lost.

After this any attempts to make planetfall to Alaren where strictly prohibited, and the planet has been declared a dead zone. Many of the victims have fallen into listless states at the loss of hope, and as the days pass more and more of the consequences of this disaster are uncovered.

Just recently, it was found many evacuees of Alaren seem to be experiencing rapidly accelerated aging, suspected to be a result of temperature damage as it frequently repairs itself after a few days before beginning to set in once again.

The CEO of AHC was reached out to for comment, however all of their offworld offices seem to be left unstaffed and no line of contact to the company has been established for the victims to claim recompense.

Investigations to the cause of this incident are still ongoing.

.

.

.

Birdy dropped her datapad, the words from the report swimming in her mind. First the Balor, then HACKERMANS, now this? How could she have fucked up so badly that an entire planet was swallowed by the infection she seemed to carry with her. She hesitated, her thoughts grasping at what could have gone wrong. Then it hit her, something else was using it. She had already bumped into people within it, but now something was managing to get out of it also. The Cold was no longer just her problem...her dirty secret. Now it was killing planets. 