# Astran IV // 2.21.5014u

Following the abrupt end of the last mission due to rapid unplanned disassembly of the insert shuttle, reinforcements from the World's End head out to **Astran IV** to help with further investigation of the pirate activities. 

The lancers landed a ways outside the settlement of Dune carrying essential supplies for the people there. With the help of their sensor suite the group made their way towards the village, happening upon a broken down van also carrying supplies. Helping with the vans repairs using their portable printer the group decided to help escort them to the village.

This turned to be a good call as shortly after a mob of pirates attempted to steak the supplies, but were quickly suppressed. The group continued towards the settlement, finding it overrun by pirates with many enemy mechs showing up on sensors. The van was used as a distraction, pulling away some of the pirates and "occupying" them with a cleverly rigged havoc charge. Using this distraction the lancers storm the settlement. The remaining defenders put up a valiant fight, though with their reinforcements otherwise engaged are dealt with.

With a few days to spare before transport returns, the lancers help patch up the city and search for the weapon system that abruptly ended the previous contract. A stealth ship, on of a pair stolen from a transport some time earlier, is discovered hidden beneath the settlement and reclaimed.

On leaving the planet, just before entering blink space the group notice a large armada blinking in, however blink away prior to being able to take any action.