[//]: # (THIS FILE IS AUTOGENERATED FROM YOUR COMPCON BIOGRAPHY!!! DO NOT EDIT HERE! INSTEAD UPDATE COMPCON THEN PING ME!)

`>>> WARNING: INFORMATION IN THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENT IS SENSITIVE TO LANCER PILOT Alison Rosalyn Hawk AND IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED FROM BEING COPIED, SHARED, OR DISCUSSED WITHOUT PERMISSION...`
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



---


>  Lancer\_Pilot*\_*Biography – ARH\_001...
> ===========================================
> 
> 

### `>>> Document created by: [ANON]...`

The case of Alison Rosalyn Hawk is a peculiar one at best. Suffering from severe memory loss and the only recollection of family someone she refers to as ‘Pa’, she suffers from strange behavior and a tendency to act erratically. Nicknamed ‘Birdy’ by workmates and prison-mates alike, Miss Hawk has endured many a year serving a sentence on a prison colony for disturbing the peace, selling counterfeit mech parts, or for the *occasional* case of manslaughter *[NOTE: This is under investigation]*. The ‘Pa’ figure in her life is who she says taught her to be a mechanic, though the skills she has appear to be that of a military-trained explosives expert. *[NOTE: this has been confirmed by ex-military professionals – investigation is still ongoing]*. When questioned on this, she can only offer vague details.

Interestingly, despite appearing as a young woman who is estimated to biologically be 23 years old, Birdy can recall events in excruciating detail, as if she were present, from over 50 years ago. There are also older arrest records that match her biometrics from 40 and 42 years ago as well as a detective investigation from 65 years ago. The investigation was following black-market parts dealer who went by the name ‘The Hawk ’ who worked with a crime boss dubbed ‘The Owner’. If the name of ‘The Owner’ is mentioned to Birdy and she is pressed on the subject, she tends to show signs of extreme distress. *[NOTE: It is recommended that this name do not be used around Miss Hawk as it greatly hinders her ability to perform well as a Lancer Pilot].* The investigation went cold after the dealer suddenly disappeared prior to their discovery and arrest, however, machine and mech parts collected as evidence match the handiwork of none other than Alison Hawk herself. *[NOTE: confirmed by direct comparison through archived evidence and Birdy’s recent work]*. The strangest part is that Birdy has no recollection of certain years of her life and there is no evidence of her existence during other periods of time. Further investigation is being carried out to correctly deduce her origins though no progress has been made thus far. *[NOTE: still no progress]*. As for her current state and occupation, Birdy is a capable mechanic (despite the disgust for her mechs other mechanics and engineers exhibit) who can turn a spanner to any pile of junk and make something that functions to a certain degree – it must be noted that the ‘certain degree’ stated here can mean anything from a fully functioning Lancer mech to simple a pile of junk that explodes. Despite her erratic tendencies, Birdy has displayed high intelligence and performs well as a Lancer pilot, though her tactics can be regarded as immoral and unethical to a large degree.

`>>> This information was last acessed E̴̥̽R̵̞̈́R̵͔͝O̸̻̕R̸͉͝ hours ago by an unauthorised user. Please be adivsed that this suspicious activity may have changed the report. This has been reported. Traced access point : OLYMPUS MONS ...`



---


> Document ARH\_C*\_*087 ...
> --------------------------
> 
> 

`>>> The following document contains information concerning the 'unethical' and 'unprofessional' methods used by Miss Hawk.`

`>>> It should be noted that in this case in particular, the creation of her Sherman class mech, further action against Miss Hawk has been TEMPORARILY SUSPENDED until further notice.`


> Document\_Start:
> 
> 

`>>> Document Created by Senior Officer [REDACTED]`

Over the past month, several concerning reports regarding Miss Hawk's working environment and treatment towards other members of staff, particularly the other engineers, has come to my attention.

Several instances of what can only be regarded as *pyromania* have been reported as well as a complete disregard for the safety of others resulting in [REDACTED] casualties and [REDACTED] fatalities.

The most concerning reports are as follows:

1. Causing a fire and failing to report its existence, instead laughing, making it larger and leaving it to burn.
2. Causing an explosion resulting in the destruction of a drop-ship.
3. Causing an explosion resulting in an airlock becoming compromised and the death of Engineer [REDACTED].
4. Failing to turn off mech reactor resulting in it overheating, activating it's automatic cooling system and ejecting hot steam onto Engineer [REDACTED] who suffered serious injury.

These are only the worst of the reports. **43** other reports have been filed against her.

We wish to review her audio log files and have a meeting to discuss her employment future with us. It is also recommended that Miss Hawk be sent for a psychiatric exam.

`>>>THE FOLLOWING CASE HAS BEEN REVIEWED : THE RESULTS OF MISS HAWK'S PSYCHIATRIC EXPRESS MINIMAL CONCERN FOR HER MENTAL STABILITY`


> Note from Doctor [REDACTED]: Miss Hawk, despite having an obsessive personality and fascination for fire, shows little to be concerned about. She shows clear signs of advanced intelligence and a calculated demeanor. I do not know of the reasons as to why she was sent to me to prevent bias, but I would say that she is a smart, healthy young woman who has both the emotional capacity and mental stability to continue in her line of work.
> 
> 



---

