`The following abridged biography has been approved for release by IPS-N information services. It should be sufficient to assuage any casual interest. These should be noted using form IC674-5 rev 2. Any persistent inquiries should be referred to the internal investigator for proper handling. Any inquiries involving music should be immediately referred to internal investigator with form TT382X.`

Avron Aubery was born in the outer rim on unnamed planet ART-567459304-B-2, a class 5B desert supergiant. Childhood unremarkable though Aubery showed an aptitude for engineering finding employment on the mining asteroid 7629845β. Gaining renown in the local fighting rings they were recruited by an IPS-N agent accompanying an ore transport. Following IPS-Ns close combat course they were placed on the unstable transport security team. Following a series of promotions Aubery was seconded to a temporary posting with MSMC for advanced training.



---

`IPS-N internal biography for agent Aubery. Classification level: Codeword. HARD COPY ONLY. DO NOT DIGITISE. NOT TO BE REMOVED FROM CLEANROOM.`

Avron Aubery was born in the outer rim on unnamed planet ART-567459304-B-2, a class 5B desert supergiant to parents Jenifer and Holly Aubery (IPS-N IDs 456-493-847-392 and X47-65-X01). Reports from childhood reveal violent tendencies with a preference for unarmed combat. Aubery often used improvised cybernetics for strength amplification, increasing in complexity as they aged. Graduating with unremarkable grades Aubery fell back on their fighting experience gaining mild success in the underground fighting scene, though due to the (limited) rules of these events was forced to minimise and hide their devices. These fights eventually resulted in the death of local enforcer Olaf Richmond (IPS-N ID 908-903-093-309) when a device malfunctioned firing a high pressure cylinder though their chest. Their cheating revealed Auberry fled, stowing away on a mining transport (IPS-N register ID 4j56o-5i3jr4-5jke43-5jgif4-y5) to mining asteroid 7629845β. Due to a lack of manpower due to pirate activity they were hired here as an assistant Engineer 3rd level maintaining the plants ore processors. Despite natural skill a lack of motivation resulted in mediocre performance at this task. During this time Aubery continued their work on unarmed combat cybernetics, with the mining station having an active technology assisted boxing scene, developing both cybernetic and power armour systems. Pirate activity surrounding the plant increasing their record in the ring led to drafting in the station security forces. This proved a much more successful occupation, with the lifting of the remaining constraints on their systems producing revealing their true lethal potential. IPS-N was made aware of this following observation of a successful skirmish by Albatross agent Kiera (IPS-N ID I29-78-EOG) investigating possible fraud in the stations piracy insurance claims. Contact was made by recruiter Farrell (IPS-N ID R56-49-ART). Following initial training and assessment Aubery was selected for the information acquisition and control devision, specialising in quiet and technologically unstable assignments where their unarmemed approach has minimal digital noise and remains operational in high interference conditions. Following the success of projects Tannoudji (5009u.04), Rabi (5011bu.3) and Hoptroff (50u.12) Aubery was promoted to the special operations umbrella project Gizmo. Following the resultant temporal anomaly Aubery experiences persistent temporal-auditory hallucinations of the Old Humanity artist Sting (IPS-N ID X59-49-X56). Following a three year break spent in the far field facilitated by project Rabi during which time a firm frindship was initiated with Lancer Ogawa (IPSN ID 789-656-675-454) Auberry returned to active duty. Gizmo remains on hold awaiting full investigation. At this time IPS-N became aware of the strange activities of the MSMC ship Worlds End (IPS-N register ID 3jo4sd-fj9v45-u4ifg8gy-v7) with Aubery selected to investigate due to the high probability of NHP involvement and technological interference. Project Kitching was used to set up an advanced training exchange program for which Aubery was submitted. The presence of Ogawa on the ship was unexpected but has proven beneficial and yet to lead to adverse events.

